Add Content - cities policies (#11)
GSA/datagov-11ty: posts/2018-10-25-cities-policies.md

*   [Louisville](https://portal.louisvilleky.gov/service/data) provides an open [data policy](https://portal.louisvilleky.gov/content/terms-use-accessibility-data-policy).
*   [New York](https://Data.cityofnewyork.us) provides an open [data policy](https://www.nyc.gov/html/data/terms.html) and [developer resources](https://dev.socrata.com/).
*   [Palo Alto](https://www.cityofpaloalto.org/gov/depts/it/open_data/default.asp) provides an open [data policy](https://www.cityofpaloalto.org/gov/depts/it/open_data/terms_of_use.asp) and [developer resources](https://data.cityofpaloalto.org/developers/).
*   [San Francisco](https://Data.sfgov.org) provides an open [data policy](https://datasf.org/resources/) and [developer resources](https://dev.socrata.com/).
*   [Seattle](https://Data.seattle.gov) provides an open [data policy](https://data.seattle.gov/stories/s/Data-Policy/6ukr-wvup/) and [developer resources](https://dev.socrata.com/).
*   [Somerville](https://Data.somervillema.gov) provides an open [data policy](https://docs.digital.mass.gov/) and [developer resources](https://support.socrata.com/home).

> Want to add your city?  Tweet us at @usdatagov or [contact us](../../request/)  

Author: ```suggestion
Want to add your city?  Tweet us at @usdatagov or [contact us](https://www.data.gov/contact)  
```
